are these your your relationships with your significant other your friends
or family be will be affected tremendously you there's there may
be some information you may not be able to relate to them and in terms
of its severity and what you'll be doing but he he you it is your
responsibility to communicate to them that you know that you are
on a difficult assignment and that you may require a more support than
normal and more patience than normal and that I would use that as
a perfect time to take advantage of express in your your need for them
as your support system so but is in all in all you'll need them
more than their needs